Well, good evening. Thank you for joining us to look at the Christmas lights; I thought that was kind of fun.
Paisley's been asking—we drive by and she says, 'Daddy, I want to go look at the lights.'I said, 'Okay, let's go look at the lights.'So, I thought, why not bring you all with us?
Hopefully, you had a little fun. I know it was kind of quick, but if you don't move quick, sometimes you've just got a little bit of time left walking around.
Megan was ready to go, so I thought I'd bring y'all along. When you go to the Oklahoma City Zoo Lights, they're the best; it is phenomenal.
They have a huge display at the Oklahoma City Zoo, and we'll go over there and look at the lights sometimes and drive through their park.
They've closed off roads where you can see the animals; they're making noises as you're looking at the lights, and it's pretty cool.
It's probably one of my top favorite things to do, but it's pretty expensive.
I think it's about $60 to go, and it only lasts about an hour, so you burn that money pretty quick.
The hot chocolate's expensive, too, but it's something fun to do every once in a while. That's what we did tonight. I thought we'd come on and pray.
Diana and I have been listening to Joyce again, and she's been talking about pride and things the Lord shapes when you're on that potter's wheel and the Lord's telling you, 'I want you to study this.
I want you to keep going. I want you to come deeper with Me.'As I keep telling you all, the Lord said that in 2026, He's drawing the bride closer to His side.
There are great days of shakings and awakenings coming, and things the Lord is about to do with the body of Christ in 2026.
2025 was for warning, but the manifestations of what He's told me are coming in 2026 will be a wake-up call—a wake-up call concerning the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I say it over and over again. The Lord teaches me a lot about the love walk when people hurt or wound you, and you have to be quick to respond.
I've said, 'Lord, what do you want me to do about this? How do you want me to handle this?
I'm really ticked off.'And He says, 'Brandon, walk in love.
Love never fails.'I say, 'They're wrong, Lord. This is wrong.
I'm upset about this.'But love takes no account of a suffered wrong. Remember that.
If you want to walk higher with the fire, you must learn to walk in love, even when people do you wrong.
The first reaction is always where they're really at. Is it a quick repentance?
Is it an excuse for how it happened? Is it 'I'm sorry,'or is it quick? That's why you can pinpoint people.
But the Lord tells me that regardless of how people act or what they say, you are required to walk in love, for that's where the greater glory is.
Remember what the angel said when he visited the other night?
The angel with the opal armor. The glory of the Lord filled my home so strongly.
It lasted for over a day after he visited. I've said before, 'I don't talk to angels,'but the angel had a word.
He spoke: 'The Lord has sent me to give you a message. You want to know the key to the greater glory?
You want to know how you're going to walk in the manifestations in these last days, how you'll be a frontrunner instead of the one tagging behind?'We say, 'Well, that's pride.'No, there are going to be trailblazers and there are going to be those following behind.
I want to be walking with the King. When He's coming back and we're riding with Him, I want my horse to be on the front row.
I want to hear Him say, 'Brandon, well done, son.'No matter how much people hurt or offend you, or how much they wound you in life—whether they are close to you or not—words hurt.
People hurt people. It's not always intentional; sometimes people do it ignorantly.
But I'm telling you, your first response must always be love. Sometimes you have to take a step back.
In my own situations, I've noticed I sometimes freak out and say things.
When I get wounded, I have a tendency to explode, and the Lord says, 'Draw back.'It's like a horse you pull back.
What's your first reaction? Mine is usually anger, and I'll say a lot with my mouth, but the Lord says, 'Draw back. Love never fails, Brandon.
Your job is to always walk in love.'When that angel visited and said, 'What is going to bring in the greater glory is a love foundation—your love walk.
Where are you with your love?'It's the second time I've had angels talk to me like that.
One was a couple of years ago on Valentine's Day. It was amazing.
A lot of people say, 'I don't go with all that,'but it's still about love. Love never fails; God is love.
The Lord said to me then that the thing he needs to know the most—what he'll be judged on the most—is: how did he treat his brethren?
How did he walk in love? How do you walk in love toward your wife, your husband, and your kids?
When people wound you, you don't have to allow them to keep hurting you, but your reaction to them is love.
Now, trust is earned; I want you to understand that. It doesn't mean you trust everybody or let everyone into your circle.
In fact, the first thing the Lord told me when I started this ministry was, 'Trust no one.
Don't allow people in your inner circle, Brandon. There are things I will call you to do and say where you're not allowed to have friends. You'll be separated unto Me to say the hard things.
There will be a target on you in the natural, and you will be required to take communion and fellowship with Me, and walk in love with your wife and kids.'I've learned even with family it's not always the easiest thing to do because they're not always going to 'get'you, and it's not required for them to get you.
You are obedient unto God. The Lord even says to me regarding the emails we get, 'Fear God, not man.
Fear Me, not man. Don't worry about what they're saying about you.
Draw close to My side and walk with Me in this end-time harvest.
Walk with Me and I'll use you greatly and mightily.'They won't understand why you're accelerating so quickly, but it's not for them.
Keep humble. Keep your flesh under and keep the love walk straight.
I had an opportunity this weekend to be really ticked off at some things.
I'm telling you, I haven't been that mad in a long time, to the point where I was trembling.
I asked, 'Lord, what do you want me to do about all this mess?'He said, "Walk in love."I said, "Are you telling me to walk in love? I'm going to go off.
What do you want me to do, Lord?""Walk in love."I said, "Walk in love."The key to the greater glory, son, is even whenever you feel somebody has done you wrong—and they did—is to walk in love.
Regardless of the excuses they try to make afterwards, wrong is wrong and right is right.
It doesn't matter what their response is; your response is love. And that's what he said to me.
And I said, "That's hard for my flesh to hear."I'm screaming inside, you know, and it's like that.
Diana is upset. D is crying. And what do you do whenever you're wounded so deep by people that you love and trust?
You walk in love. And that's why the Lord said, "It doesn't mean you have to keep planted there.
It doesn't mean you have to keep doing these things. It's your choice.
It's your choice if you want to walk in the greater glory. I will use you mightily. But God is love.
It's not what he does; it's who he is."And if you want to walk by his side, even whenever it's something innocent or not innocent, it doesn't matter.
I'm not looking at them; I'm looking at him. I'm staying vertical. And you must learn to stay vertical in these days ahead.
The Lord showed me as I was walking even at Rhema tonight, he said, "You must learn to stay vertical.
It's not always going to be easy because the devil wants you to go horizontal and look at everybody else and what they're doing."But what about them?
How come them? And he said, "No, stay vertical. Who cares about what they're doing? Your job is to be the branch and stay on the vine.
Your job is to keep looking at me."Because if you look at what's around you, your pride sets in and you start thinking, "Woe is me."You start singing a sad song, and everybody has a sad song they can sing about how people do you wrong or how people might have not done it intentionally or whatever.
It doesn't matter. Your job is to always maintain love. Now, love doesn't mean you have to keep doing the same thing over and over again and allowing people to hurt you.
The lesson is: don't allow people in your inner circle. I've learned a lot, and I'm trying to teach you all something because Brandon and I have learned a lot as we walk down the road.
This has not been an easy journey for me, but I'm learning I want to walk with him.
I always know when I've messed up because that anointing lifts off me.
But he said, "Be angry and sin not."He said that because I don't have much of a filter sometimes when people tick me off and I just go, and that's the way he said, "Be angry and sin not."It's okay to be angry, but don't sin in your anger.
Does that make sense what I'm telling y'all? So that's the lesson I've been learning in the last 48 hours: Be angry, sin not, walk in love.
You must learn to walk in love; it's the only way to the greater glory. Remember the angel.
He says it's always those life lessons; that's how we're going to walk with him.
Even whenever people talk trash about you or run you down, your job is always to stay on the love side.
Remember that because you're going to be tested just like Brandon is tested.
But hopefully, you can learn from our mistakes. So be very careful who you let in your inner courts.
Be careful who you let in your inner tent. Be careful who's influencing you.
Watch who's speaking into your life. Watch where you're feeding.
Make sure you're growing and you're going from glory to glory. It's your responsibility to monitor your thermostat.
If your thermostat is cold, check your thermostat spiritually. You say, "I'm going to a church that doesn't feed me.
I'm hanging around people who pull me down."Check your thermostat.
There are many of you that say, "Well, I'm married into an unequally yoked marriage, Brandon.
What should I do?"Well, you shouldn't have done that in the first place, but now that you're in it, you don't get a divorce.
You're in covenant. So you walk it out in love and you pray for your spouse.
The Bible says, "Don't be unequally yoked with unbelievers."It's your choice.
Now, if you got saved during that marriage, you keep interceding. You fast, you pray, you anoint.
I would take olive oil—this is what I got from Billy Burke—and I'm telling you what, solid people, Billy Burke.
You anoint their pillow with oil. You anoint them at night, and they don't even have to know you're doing it.
Maybe they wake up in the morning; you put a little bit on that pillow and you anoint it.
And I pray over them over and over and over again. Make your prayer petition for 2026. That's what I tried to teach you all last night.
We always write the vision down of everything we're believing for every single year. Whether it's a house, we write it down.
It may be something so big that you know that God is the only one that can bring it to pass. And you go, "How is that even possible?
This is not possible by man's standard, but it's possible through God."So you have to write your vision down.
Put it down before you. Put your love scriptures, put whatever you've got. Write the vision down.
Make sure you keep that in priority and put it on a mirror, on your car visor, or by your bed where you sleep on your nightstand.
Make sure you have that as something that's always in front of your face. You have to keep the vision in front of you.
That's why I try to tell people all the time: if you don't have big house mentality, go drive in the big neighborhoods and get that inside of you so that you can start thinking bigger.
Poverty thinks poverty; rich thinks rich. Does that make sense?
If you think like a winner, you don't go around a losing baseball team or a losing football team and get winning inside of you.
If they're always losing, loser is going to be inside of you.
You've got to get around a winner. Go watch somebody who's a champion.
You've got to get that inside of you so that it changes you from the inside out. Add the Word to it, but get a vision.
Get an inward vision of who you are in Christ and know that God's created you to be more than a conqueror.
You are not made to be a 'just barely getting by'person. And maybe you're almost at the championship game and then you lose.
Well, you learn from the losing and you get better the next year.
There is a place in God that the devil does not go when you're underneath that umbrella of the anointing.
You must learn to abide in love and abide in the glory of the Lord, even whenever your flesh does not want to.
There are days whenever I just go, "Oh!"Like I said, I want to pull my hair out, and it's already pulled out.
I'm trying to tell you all it's something Brandon's walking through, too.
But I so want that when I get on the other side, I say, "Jesus, I did everything I could.
I sure tried."I don't want to say, "Well, I didn't leave it all on the table.
I wasn't all in."I think a lot of people might have regrets, ladies and gentlemen, but it's what you do with the time and the effort that you've been given. I came across a guy that was really ripped.
He had muscles on muscles, and it challenges you because you look at him and go, "Wow, he has the same hours in a day as I have, but he's really trim and fit and he looks good, and then here I am."But where are you spiritually?
I try to mirror myself off of Jesus, but at the same time, I'm going, "Where are people spiritually?"Where are people physically?
I know I need to do better with my flesh, but I'm not satisfied with where I am spiritually either.
I want more. I want to stand with Him. And the only way you're going to do that is to act like Jesus and be more like Him.
And what did Jesus do, even whenever they were spitting on Him? Sometimes the best answer is no answer at all.
Sometimes walking in love—whenever people are wanting a comment from you, wanting you to respond—sometimes to walk in love is not to give an answer at all.
Just be still. Jesus didn't respond to it; He got quiet before them.
They are the accusers of the brethren, the accusers of the palace.
'Hey, what do you say to this?'Silence. 'They're accusing you.
They want to put you to death.'Silence. So, His example is that not everything requires a reaction.
I'm learning that too. Sometimes no words is a good thing. We're all a work in progress. We're all learning.
But I want to teach you all as much as what I'm learning, especially today and yesterday.
Walk in love. Walk in love. Love never fails. You either have it or you don't.
Either you're a believing believer or you're not. That was 17 minutes—that's not too bad for that part.
I could have probably said more, but I try to save your time. And even reading Diana—she's a firecracker, too. But I tell you, listening...
because the Lord told us, because we're talking about pride and Leviathan and the pride behind it and the spirits that try to be sneaky and you think you're humble.
But you know what? This is something else. People say, 'Braden, you're humble.''Boy, you're humble, Brandon.'People say that all the time.
Either you are or you're not. There's no pretending with humility.
It's displayed by a reaction of love when you realize that it's not you doing something.
You don't have to convince yourself. Either you are or you're not.
I don't have to walk around and try to display humility. Either it is or it's not.
'Well, Brandon, you're humble. Brandon, you're prideful.
Brandon, this whatever.'Either you are or you're not. You cannot fake humility.
Either it's you, either it's Jesus Christ in you, or it's not. But I don't have to vocalize it.
That's why I don't ever say I try to be whatever, because I know.
If you look at my resume, you know Brandon doesn't have what it takes in the natural.
Do you understand? Brandon is solely dependent upon Jesus. I don't have much education.
People say, 'Brandon, don't knock yourself.'No, I'm stating a fact.
That's not me trying to be humble; that's just stating a fact.
I am flat-out nothing without Jesus Christ or my education. When you can barely read and write...
things that I do read well, I've read probably a thousand times or I've studied it.
If it's raw, like reading those articles that Braden puts up, you can take it to the bank: I'm going to be embarrassed. But I learned...
even whenever I played games at Christmas time with people at youth parties, I would be the one hiding in the back because I was so embarrassed to play those games because they had to read and I couldn't read.
I remember sitting in there and they would play those games at Christmas time and they said, 'Braden, do you want to play?'I said, 'Oh, no.
I'm not interested,'and I'd make up an excuse. But really, the bottom line is I wanted to play with all my heart.
I wanted to play with all my heart, but I was so ashamed that I was a teenager and I couldn't read that I didn't want to embarrass myself in front of all the high school kids.
So, I would go and do something else and talk to the adults. A lot of times I'd go in and talk the Word to the mother of the party or the father because I was so ashamed that I couldn't do what the other kids were doing.
That's what I developed; it was a defense mechanism. A lot of that came out of just a lot of pain.
And even whenever I was a janitor and cleaning for all these years, it was the mechanism of rejection.
There was so much rejection going through a lot of pastors. You know, it's like with us—nobody really cares truly about you.
If I were still the janitor, nobody would give a crap. But because I have a million people following me now, people try to reach out to you.
But really, the bottom line is, if you were still the janitor, they wouldn't even look your direction.
They don't give a crap about you. Remember that. It's about Jesus inside of you.
And when He exalts you and promotes you, people look your way. I was the janitor all the time.
I went there and I cleaned 90 toilets two or three times a week.
And even then, they said, 'Go in there and clean your bathrooms.
You aren't going to touch nobody and lay hands on anybody.'But the glory was on my hands even then.
And I could lay hands on people and the power of God would hit them and cancer would fall off their face.
I'll never forget this lady walked up to me while I was vacuuming the floor.
Her boy was diagnosed with stage four cancer and she came up to me while I was cleaning the church and she said, 'I've heard...
we're desperate. There's nobody in this church that knows how to pray for anybody, but could you please pray for my son?
He starts chemo in a couple of days. Can you lay hands on him? Do you see this knot on the side of his face?
It's the size of an egg. Can you pray for it?'I said, 'Yes.'So, I shut the door because I didn't want to get in trouble.
I opened the door and I said, 'Come on in here, buddy.'I said, 'In the name of Jesus Christ, I cursed that cancer and told it to go.'Three days later, she came back to the church crying.
She said, 'Brandon, look, it's gone.'Not by what Brandon did, but by what Jesus did through Brandon.
And when you realize 'Christ in me, Christ in me,'that little boy's life—he didn't have to go to chemo. They went back to the doctor.
They went back to the doctor and the doctor said, 'What happened?'She told him and he tried to make up an excuse that it wasn't cancer.
I thought it was funny. I said, 'Isn't Jesus wonderful?'Do you understand? Jesus will meet you where you are and He loves you.
But when you're going through the valley with all this pressure, like I'm learning, you're not important until you have a following in the world's eyes.
But Jesus saw you as important when you were scrubbing poop. Do you understand?
And so I don't get into all of the political stuff even when I'm invited to the White House. It's all a show pony.
I refuse to be show ponies because you weren't there when I was a janitor and you didn't care then.
So I realize the bigger the platform, the bigger the call what God has put inside of me.
And regardless of how much God promotes Brandon Biggs, He always says, 'Stay the janitor, Brandon.
Don't ever forget where I brought you from.'Never forget it, for you're about to enter into the second phase of your ministry and healing is going to fall out of your hands and cancer is going to dry up on a greater scale.
The fire is going to drive out sickness like you wouldn't believe, son.
But that's going to be the time whenever your ministry really takes off. Remember this and always keep small in your own eyes.
I was out doing my yard work and He always tells me that: 'Remember to stay small in your own eyes.'And it was a flattering thing even this week.
I was sent the videos of the Christmas party tonight with President Trump.
And I got to see Billy Graham—the son spoke. I got to see another man.
I don't know who he was, Benny Johnson. These other people were there.
They all went to the Christmas party tonight, the one that I said I didn't want to go to.
I was very excited that they sent me the videos and I got to hear what President Trump said to the people, saying we're going to say Christmas again as a nation.
He said a lot of things that were really cool about the Christians and was saying that we're bringing religion back or Christianity back and the things that he was saying from the platform, talking to all those pastors who were invited to come to the Christmas party tonight.
So, I thought it was really neat that they shared with me what was said.
I was excited that they included me even after I rejected the invitation.
But I thought, you know what? Jesus is wonderful. Even when they say, "Hey, next time you will be here.
Next time we want you here. Next time you will come to these parties. We want you here."I take it as whatever, you know?
All I want is just to sit on my little couch here and to teach you all how to pray.
If you don't understand the authority of the believer, if you don't understand who you are, you're not going to make it in the days ahead.
I say this not to scare you, but to prepare you. You must understand Psalms 91.
You must understand Psalms 23. You must understand the authority of the believer.
I always try to talk about Sister Billy. She's been such a friend.
I want you to understand you must understand the authority of the believer, and you read these little books like this and you get that authority down inside you.
I didn't realize how many people have no idea about who they are in Christ and you must get this down inside of you.
You must, and she would even tell you to walk in love. So always stay small as much as God promotes you.
And there'll be a lot of you that you've been the janitor just like Brandon Biggs.
And you'll look back at your life and you'll pinch yourself at what God's about to do because all to Jesus we surrender.
All to him I humbly give. Do you understand? Diana was clerical. I entered in all the offerings. I counted the offerings.
I did it all for years, counting the offerings and entering in your tithe and offerings at the megachurch we worked at.
And we learned a lot. But never turn your nose up to small beginnings.
So because one day maybe they'll call you to want to go to the White House and maybe you will say no, maybe you'll say yes, but it's all about him.
You know, all the conferences that I've been invited to to speak to tens of thousands of people on a regular basis, I'm going to say, well, it has been all of them, haven't it?
All of them I have said no to. It's not funny. I just don't, I'm not into it. It's just real.
And I had to say to myself, you know, well, I have to say I spoke at Sister Billy's tent thing.
Yeah, and I like that. That was fun. But it wasn't on the internet, so I felt good about it. You don't have to worry about it because what if you mess up?
What if you say something really stupid and it's on there and you're not in control of the video?
But to me, it's just like whatever. So, all 4,040 of you, you got my little lesson today about walking in love.
I was going to bring in Diana. So, if she wants to pray with us, I told her I'll talk for a second.
Oh, 4,040. Here, move that camera up a little bit. Let me get her.
I want to see if she can pray because I talk and then I let her come in because she's really busy.
You all keep her busy. She is busy doing the emails, man. We're a three-man army. Braden does the editing and all the stuff.
Diana does the emails and talking to the people and getting all that done, sending out the Bibles, and then Brandon tries to keep himself full and talking to you all.
And so it's pretty crazy, but all right. Hold on. Who I was going to ask this question, I don't know if you all, I tried to do this poll.
A lot of these people don't know who Kathryn Kuhlman is. So I did a poll last time.
I think like 30% didn't know who she was, which is amazing to me.
I think it was like 30 to 40%. So, it was pretty high. Hi. She probably is cooking right now.
I don't know. Here, let me see. I was going to say, do you know who Billy Graham was?
Because I know a lot of people who don't know. I don't know how you couldn't know.
But okay, she's here. What the heck? Hi. I brought my friend here.
I was just telling them about everything and walking in love and all that.
They enjoy the Christmas lights. I don't know. I hope so. You know, we don't do that very often, but it's something fun.
You want to take communion with me? Mhm. You can pray with me.
Jesus, we sure love you, and we thank you, Father, for the days ahead.
No matter how hard it is or how easy it is, we always give Jesus the glory.
And we always keep him first. It's not always easy, but your flesh wants to be rebellious.
It wants to act out, don't it? But God has made a way. And it's when you stay in the word, you got to get in the word.
Father, we thank you for the body. We thank you, Father, for all these prayer warriors tonight, all 4,240 of them.
Every person here tonight, Father, are so hungry and so desperate. It's in the middle of the night and they're here.
Lord, I'm thankful, Father, for every person that's here tonight. I'm thankful for this congregation of people.
Lord, we've even prayed over if we open up our own thing and have a building and open up our own little church and pray with the people more like that.
We've been praying about it. I don't know if that's real wisdom for me because of people not liking me too much, but it's something that I have to really pray over.
I'm not the most liked by some groups of people. So, it's not like having our pastors or whatever.
It's not having a church like them. People don't hate them like they hate us.
And it's not funny. People have developed an opinion about us, really.
And there's a lot of you that love us and would go, but I'd have to have hired security continually. Armed security guards, armed police officers.
I'd have to have several to have a meeting just to make sure the congregation was safe and Diana and I would remain safe.
And so it's really something I'd have to really pray about because Diana and I talked about it last night and we would do it if he asked us to.
Yeah, it's been on my heart because I like to pray live. It's amazing because there's a bigger pool, you know, whenever you're with a group of people and you can feel them.
But it's putting yourself out there that you have security already and making sure they're armed and that there's no more incidences like Charlie Kirk, you know, and I don't want anybody to be in harm's way because of me and having a meeting.
So, I would have to hire police officers or security. So, there's a lot more to us opening a building and having something in Tulsa.
I would put it by ORU because of the college kids. I have a hunger. And so, there's just things that I have to pray about a lot.
And security and being safe is a major deal for us, you know, because we have a lot of people that just don't like Brandon and Diana.
And that's fine. But, Father, we thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord.
I had to say that as we're praying over that. And I, Father, I thank you, Lord, for your body.
We thank you, Lord, for how much you love us and how much you've taken care of us.
The blood of Jesus Christ covers us. We take this body in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed. You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we are healed.
Lord, Diana and I are walking in divine health. We're not beggars; we're believers. We believe we're overcomers.
We believe, Father, that everyone watching right now is healed, whole, and well by the stripes of Jesus.
You walk in divine health like the little boy we prayed for who had cancer and was completely healed.
We believe, Father, that you're no respecter of persons, and what you do for him, you'll do for them.
Tonight, we believe that their expiration date for what they're believing for is today.
Today they're overcomers. Today they're healed. Today they're whole.
Today they're well. Father, they walk in divine healing and health.
We thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken for us, and we take it in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen. Lord, we thank you for the blood. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet, so that we always stay in the right way, at the right place, at the right time.
We're always in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you called us to do.
We're never caught off guard. If you say don't go, we don't go.
If you say go, we go. We flow with love. Father, we ooze love; that's who we are.
We're just like Jesus. Regardless, we walk in love and we plead the blood over sin.
We close doors that we've opened and plead the blood over those doors. We ask for mercy. Lord, have mercy on us.
I thank you, Lord, regardless of whatever it is in our lives, we confess our sins, and you said you are faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
I plead the blood over Diana from the top of her head to the soles of her feet.
We thank you, Lord, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
We're blessed in the city and in the field, coming in and going out in the name of Jesus. Father, we plead the blood.
I thank you that we are uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank you that you speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind—all of you and none of me.
Father, I plead the blood over my spiritual eyes. If there's anything you want to show us tonight in prayer, we come boldly into your throne room.
I thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come. We have eyes to see and ears to hear, for we will hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We will hear and see clearly, and we will not be snared by any satanic or demonic force. In Jesus'name, amen.
That was different tonight, but I had to do something different because I felt something.
What are you going to say? You okay? You touched it. Yeah, I saw that.
It dumped out. You can dump some of that on your hand. I'm okay.
All right. Who wants to go tubing? I know most of you want to go tubing, but I always ask.
It's fun. It's time to work. You ready to go to work? Father, we worship you.
We thank you, Lord, for how good you have been to us. You've been good to Brandon Biggs, to my wife, and to my kids.
We're so thankful for all you've done. We apply the blood of Jesus and we make much of it.
Father, it never loses its power. It reaches to the highest mountain and flows to the lowest valley.
Your blood cleanses us and makes us whole. It washes over us in the name of Jesus.
The blood that gives me strength from day to day will never lose its power.
It reaches to the highest mountain and flows to the lowest valley.
The blood that Jesus shed for me way back on Calvary, the blood that gives me strength from day to day, will never lose its power.
Father, we thank you for the blood. Your blood is sufficient for me.
What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus. Thank you, Father, for the blood.
Thank you that it never loses its power. We're coming up higher to the fire. We're coming up by your side.
I thank you, Lord, that we're drawn by your side and we're walking with you on a day-to-day basis.
The glory of the Lord rests on us. There are many of you that need to forgive people that have hurt you.
Just say it: 'I forgive them.'Walk in love. I forgive so-and-so.
I forgive them by faith. Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Be quick to forgive. Don't hold a grudge; it builds a dam in your heart.
Don't allow strife and evil works to build a dam in your heart. Let the love of God flow freely inside of you like a river.
It doesn't mean you have to let people keep hurting you, but don't let strife and anger keep that love from walking out of you.
Just release it and let it go. Does that make sense? Many of you have taken offense at people even at church, at work, or at school.
You've let them build a stronghold of bitterness inside of you.
Tonight, the Lord wants you to let it go. Let the Holy Ghost flow.
When you keep anger and bitterness inside of you, it brings a dam.
Out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water. Love never fails.
I have to talk to myself like this all the time. Shut up, flesh!
Love never fails. I am rooted and grounded in love. Thank you, Father, for the Holy Ghost, for he will help you.
They did me wrong with finances or a business deal. They ripped me off.
They did this. They did that. You keep holding on to grudges.
Well, she was a bad wife in my first marriage, boy, and I tell you what, I hope she burns and rots in hell.
I mean, seriously, right? And so you build that up inside and you've got that bitterness.
You had a bad divorce—and we know some people had some bad divorces—and 40 years later, they're still holding it.
30 years later, they're still holding it. You mention their name and they tremble; that's cancer.
You don't want that in your life. I forgive them. My grandmother was like that.
She had a very bad, abusive marriage the first time when she was young.
My grandfather was very abusive and she carried that for the rest of her life and she died early.
She got cancer and died. Bitterness is a cancer and you've got to let things go.
My grandmother held that on there and every time you talked about them, she would get a snarl in her mouth. She'd just look at them like she wanted to spit.
And I'm talking, they were divorced for years and she was married to another man and had kids by him and everything was fine.
You would think so, but she took it into the next marriage. So I'm trying to tell you this: Don't take your drama from your last into the next.
You may be here tonight and you're getting ready to get married.
You've already been married before and you have bitterness towards your husband or wife and there's something eating at you still, but you're about to take it into your next marriage.
You're about to take it into your next relationship. It cannot go with you.
Leave the dirty laundry out. Leave the garbage out. Don't take it into the next one.
Then people leave churches. They get offended. And then you go, 'Well, I'm leaving. I'm mad.
I'm out of here.'And they take that offense and that bitterness into the next church.
I've seen it time and time again when we worked at the church.
We were there for years. And people—Sister Clipboard was all upset.
She'd come in there with her list of clipboard issues and she would get mad and stay for five years or five months and she's out of there because she's upset and bitter.
Did something happen? Okay. So, you've got to learn to let it go.
Be like Elsa. Like, 'Let it go, let it go.'I was playing it on Christmas Day.
'Let it go, let it go, let it go.'Hallelujah. You've got to let it go.
I don't know if that ministers to anybody, but it's just in my spirit, I guess, because it's on the topic.
Don't take it into your next marriage. Especially, I see a woman—I just saw a vision right then.
And I see the woman: You're getting ready to get married. It's going to be a new transition in your life come January of 2026 around this time frame.
And you're about to get married come the spring. And the Lord's showing me that you just left not even a year ago.
Might be a little longer. A year. I see the window. It's like a calendar passing like this, but the arrows are going backwards, not forwards.
They're going backwards and you're going back to the divorce court and the bitterness is still eating you alive.
I see the arrow and the months passing behind like you're rewinding in slow motion.
This is rewinding in slow motion in front of my eyes right now. And I see it all moving back and you are so, so bitter still.
And the Lord tells me this next marriage won't last very long if you don't bring it to my throne.
You must bring this to my throne or the next marriage won't last very long.
You even wear your hair up in a twist sometimes with braids. I see this braid running down in the back right here.
There's like a braid coming here. And you're a very prim and proper person.
You're very structured, very detailed. You do the same pattern a lot every single day.
You know who I'm talking to. You take care of your flesh. You're very structured.
And your husband was a pretty good businessman in your last marriage.
I can even see your kitchen and the way your cabinets are and how this is all set up in there.
You had a very big argument in that kitchen. The Lord wants to turn that sorrow into joy.
He wants to turn the sorrow, the grieving, the grieving. There's great grieving.
Let it go. Let it go. You're even upset with how much you didn't get in the divorce.
You felt you should have gotten a lot more and you have bitterness even by that.
'I should have gotten more at the court. I should have gotten more at that divorce.'Harmony, you must stop this.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say you must stop this. He has more.
This will be the most joyous time of restoring what the cankerworm ate in your life.
You will have the most joyous time if you don't take this into the next relationship.
There's great peace and joy. The Lord's wanting to restore you.
Yeah, he cheated. Yeah, those things happened. Yeah, you have pain.
Yeah, you're hurting. Let it go. Walk with love. Many more days He has in store for you.
Joy, joy, joy. Hurry, let it go. Don't let him take up any more space in your mind.
No, make sure it's left behind. Don't take it into the next one. That was amazing.
I don't know your name, but I saw you and the Lord has great plans for you.
I'm excited for you. It's not going to be easy to the flesh, but you do it by faith. 'I forgive him. I forgive him, Lord. I release it.
I'm so thankful you brought this new man to me.'He's going to be a good man, a good friend, a good companion.
And I'm not going to take the trash from my past into my future.
So, whoever that was for, bless you. Father, I thank you, Lord.
Two divorces. Pain, pain, pain. The Lord said, 'Leave that there.'Thank you, Lord.
Glory to God. In Jesus'name. Wonderful. Now, let's go down this other road.
Father, we thank you, Lord. I sit here and I'll wait. I don't know what direction to go after that.
It's in the Caribbean. An escalation. I see coming out of the water.
I feel the heat from it. I feel the heat from Soldado Bay from the explosion on that bay.
Do you remember what Saddam did to the oil wells? Do you remember what Saddam did to the oil wells before the Persian Gulf War?
Remember what he did to those wells? He set them on fire and he burnt them.
He booby-trapped them, making it where we couldn't come in and get the oil.
Do you remember this? Watch this. Watch the oil wells. Watch the oil derricks.
Watch the oil wells as an escalation at the shore, at sea as an invasion, as a last resort.
It's mysterious. I see the jungle. I see these devices on these oil rigs.
I see all the smoke in the sky. Focus, focus. Oh, that's interesting.
I've never seen anything like that before. It's like a stinger on a tail.
It's like a point of this claw, and there's a stinger in the middle of it. It looks like a green, lizard-looking tail.
It comes out, there are scales on it, and at the tip of this green thing, there's a ball.
There's a ball on the tip of this that has claws on the side. Four claws coming up on a green shaft with scales on this ball with a red tip.
It looks like a stinger, and it's red at the tip. It's at the end of the ball, and it's a metallic red tip.
It almost looks like a reptilian. Now I see a cross that has a doily around it, and it's upside down.
It's a cross that's turned upside down. Honey, I see a table.
I see an upside-down cross. I see candles and a bowl. I see President Trump in a picture on a table with an altar.
He has a blue suit on with a red tie and a white shirt. He's in a frame sitting next to this table.
Hallelujah. No weapon formed against him will prosper. No weapon formed against his sons will prosper.
No weapon formed against President Trump, Eric, Don Jr., or their children will prosper.
For Barron, for Tiffany, for Ivanka, we cover them in the blood.
No weapon formed against them will prosper. We plead the blood over President Trump. We thank you, Lord.
We plead the blood even as he sleeps, over his wife, over his marriage; we cover them in the blood.
Every tongue that rises against him, we condemn it. All of this occultic practice I see—Father, we pray over our president that he's protected.
We pray over us, my wife, my children. No weapon formed against us will prosper. We apply the blood. I see him on the golf course.
He has a red Make America Great Again hat on with a white short-sleeve golf shirt.
He has his blue pants on with a belt, and he's swinging a golf club. We cover him in the blood.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting our president even on the golf course.
Thank you, Lord, that he has a time of relaxation. He is safe.
He is secure. No weapon formed against him will prosper. He is safe on the golf course.
I don't know why I'm seeing it, so I just start covering him on the golf course.
He said, 'Don't lose your focus anymore.'Now this is interesting. I see a castle on a crystal ball.
It's one of those gypsy-looking balls, and the castle is on top of it.
It has red roofs with little flags at the top of each one. It looks occultic.
It looks like something bad and dark associated with Trump again.
He's on the golf course, and it's about money. I saw a big giant crystal ball with a castle on it.
It's something to do with Trump and the other thing on this altar. He needs to surround himself with intercessors.
You need to surround yourself with intercessors, not just people that are there to brown-nose, but intercessors, prayer warriors, people who are polished in prayer.
Surround yourself with prayer, like a group. I see people like Sister Lynn and Candace who would pray, surrounding him.
I saw a group of intercessors in a circle praying with their Bibles and their notepads, interceding specifically for the assignment of praying for the President of the United States.
No other assignment until his term is done. Putting these intercessors around him, praying for his sons, for the money—this is an attack even against his finances.
You see the castle on the ball for the money. You hear me? Say this over the dinar.
His time has come. You must now see. You must now see. Help me, Lord.
Pray with me. This is very serious. Don't just watch me pray.
Pray. Push. I hear too much chatter. You must pray this through. This is serious.
I see a big black python with spots on its back trying to choke out the great with lack.
He's wrapping around America and trying to choke out the life of the finances.
And the Lord says, 'Stand for a breakthrough concerning the dinar.
Stand. Pull it out. Roast them. You're going to resuscitate the American economy.
You've got a purpose. You've got to come out and fight. You've got to be contending with this.
The snake is trying to wrap around your nation. You've got to come against it and be contenders.
You've got to contend. As it flows, it will trickle over into the other nations.
And the blessing and the favor that I have for you—you must contend for it concerning 2026.'This is not investment advice, but I'm telling you what I see.
I see the dinar. I see the currency before me, and it's highlighted for a great plan hidden away.
I saw a principality sitting over the nation, holding things back for lack.
I saw it rise up out of the dirt, and I see the colorful currency. I see palm trees and the number 25.
I don't know what the 25 means, but it's on a pink-looking parchment paper like the 25k note. I see the demonic principality.
He has a six-pack with long hair that's full like a mane of a lion, the principality of Persia.
He's sitting on the building, leaning over and trying to cackle with a laugh.
He is trying to hold on with a stronghold. He is trying to hold it with his hands, with his stronghold.
He is gripped onto the land. The Lord is bringing breakthrough; the Lord is sending breakthrough concerning this.
As you see this breakthrough and a turnaround, you will know how much closer you are to the return.
For this has been prophesied over and over again. Breakthrough will start soon.
It has been a struggle. It feels like quicksand that turned into black tar.
The oil turned into black tar, and the black tar is on the land; it is like quicksand with black tar, and you cannot move in it.
It is a fight year after year. It is a fight, and you are pulling it out.
The believers are pulling, you are speaking and calling, and He is going to resuscitate this. It is because of His mercy.
He said, 'Multiply,'and it will multiply and go by way of a rebirth, a resuscitating restitution for all that you have.
Listen to Him. We push through this. He is talking about all that is going on over there, and I see it all.
Hold on for breakthrough; breakthrough comes in a day. It has been hard, but it is all about the end times.
It is arising out of the ashes. Iraq is rising, and it is attached to the end times.
Watch. And He said, 'Don't stop.'Assad? Who is Assad? Do not lose your focus; you have to hurdle this.
Stirring it up. Thank You, Father. Thank You, Lord. All that you see is big, hard work.
There has been so much corruption and manipulation with certain people speaking.
I am in the spring. It has to be the spring. Is Venezuela on the equator?
It is warm there all the time. Many modern cities by the sea...
what is on this side of South America? Argentina? Over on the far side, what is that big area?
That on the map is Brazil. It is multiple places. What is on the tip?
Right there, Brazil. That is what is highlighted. He is talking about a revival in Brazil.
A major breakthrough and revival in Brazil. Wait a minute, especially right there on that border.
It is on this side over there; I see something happening right here next to the water.
Hallelujah. It is very interesting. Multiple cities all throughout Brazil.
Father, we thank You for a great revival in Brazil. Now I am back in the United States.
Minnesota is highlighted to me. This is concerning the midterm election.
You must be praying for a great breakthrough to come in Minnesota.
You must pray for the great breakthrough concerning the politics over Minnesota.
You want an omen? Daily boasting. It is concerning the seats.
We need multiple seats; we need a victory over the multiple seats.
It spreads over Tennessee. We want multiple seats all over this nation.
We are praying into the Red Wave ahead of time. It feels like you are back in that molasses again.
When I hit that molasses, it is like hitting oil. Pushing through this is like treading through mud. This is going to take much prayer.
Concerning the midterms, do not be foolish, Church, thinking you just have this because you have President Trump behind the helm.
Remember this day. Write this day down: December 11th. Remember this time frame.
We must pray concerning the midterms today for the political theater that will really take off in 2026.
I see three judges; we must push through the Supreme Court judges.
Remember the number three regarding February 3rd. There are three Supreme Court judges.
I'm seeing a little bit more. It's a stench unto me. Major decisions in Europe concerning the globe.
There's more to this you need to see. It's more important because of the number three.
I see the judges making decisions, and they're on the fence concerning certain decisions that will either excel or derail.
Thank you, Father. We come boldly before your throne. You say, 'Come boldly to my throne and ask me this.'Claim the climb.
Hold it; it will come. I'm seeing it in November of next year.
I see victory in Jesus'name, but it will come through great prayer from your seat—the seat of authority.
You must take your seat and pray. You have a lot to lose. Pride is standing in the way; pride is standing in the way of Trump.
Distractions are to come all throughout the year, my son. He's talking about the NSA.
Baggage security soon. Thank you, Father. We push all that you have for us.
Yes, tres. What is tres? I think that's in Spanish. Uno, dos, tres.
Tres number three. Yes, he said yes, tres. cuatro. Uno, dos, tres. Tres. He's talking about the number three again.
Whatever this is about the three, he's talking in Spanish concerning the number three.
This is a mystery. I see a major window for a great victory concerning Minnesota for it to flip red.
The people are tired of the corruption. I see the woman from the squad; I see her face before me.
It's concerning great corruption. People are fed up. I wonder if she's going to have to run for reelection in 2026.
It's time for her to go. I see bumblebees all around her coming up out of the land—big black and yellow bumblebees circling her head.
People might say, 'Brandon, you're missing that big,'but I'm telling you what I see. We need to pray. I see a great breakthrough to remove her.
We need to stand on this major crack in the foundation concerning the politics in Minnesota.
This is because of much prayer from Minnesota. This is a good thing; this is breakthrough.
We're going to say goodbye. We pray for breakthrough for Minnesota.
Out of the corruption, a hive of bumblebees will spring forth like a swarm.
Now I see Gavin. The people are fed up with you today. He's trying to hold his ground, wanting a political crown.
This is lifted off of me; the Lord is done. Praise the Lord. There's more in store to pray through, and so we just close it there today.
I'm so grateful for all of you showing up tonight and praying for the nations.
It is very important that we win concerning the United States of America. We have a lot to lose. We must win big. That woman must go.
She can go work in an office or be a desk clerk, but not in politics or influencing our kids.
'Hello, this is McDonald's. May I take your order? Can I supersize it?'That was a lot of pushing concerning Iraq and America.
Do not think that this is a slam dunk for America just because Trump is at the helm. You must pray.
It was concerning Tennessee, and I felt great breakthrough in Minnesota already.
I'm telling you, in Minnesota, big time folks, there is some major ground being taken in the spirit realm in Minnesota.
So do not let up off of the gas; you must attack this thing, keep praying, and keep interceding. Concerning Oklahoma, we have much work to do.
I know Candace and her prayer group are praying for our governor, for our races, and for all this stuff, and we will have victory in Oklahoma again in the name of Jesus.
Texas had a major victory concerning the Supreme Court, the judges, and the districts splitting up, and that was a major answer to prayer right there.
It gives more House seats, and they're in red areas. All glory to Jesus concerning that, because it will help us to maintain the House.
We must maintain these seats going into 2026, 2027, and 2028 for Trump to get the job done for what we need for this nation.
And people say, "Well, Brandon, I'm believing God. We're out of here."We occupy until He comes.
Do not go, "Well, I'm letting go of the robe. Jesus is coming."That's the worst thing you can do. We must occupy until He comes.
No man knows the day or the hour, and you must keep contending in the spirit realm politically for our nation, for your nation.
We must stay salty so that we keep our land and pray these things through for a victory for the Lord.
I don't understand the concept of being lazy and saying, "Well, the rapture is coming.
Who cares? Let it go to hell."No, it's our job. We are prayers.
We are contenders. And we fight for the land that God has given us. We are intercessors.
And that's why this channel exists, because we will have a God-fearing nation that will stand with Israel and pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We must have this. Praying for the peace of Jerusalem, praying for good leadership. Their election is this year too, 2026.
Well, they have an election for Israel to either get rid of Benjamin and bring somebody else in. And we want God's man for that job.
And it may be time for him to go, but that's for the Lord to decide through the people, the vote, and the Knesset.
Let's believe God for a God-fearing person in that position over Israel concerning their election in the fall of next year.
This is very serious. We need the right person in position. I quite frankly saw him being taken out.
Now, I don't believe it's the Lord's will for anybody to die like that.
We want God's hand on the land of Israel. We want God's perfect man.
We want David over that land. We want a David to rise up and lead the people.
And so, we pray for the peace of Jerusalem and we pray for a great leader.
I don't believe Bennett—I don't know who else would be running in the election—but let's believe God even for Israel to have a good leader there.
So, we pray for them. There is a lot there to pray over concerning politics and 2026.
I don't know if their election is in the fall or the spring, but it doesn't matter; we'll just keep praying for them.
We're so grateful for every single one of you being here. We know you love to pray because you're up late at night or early in the morning, wherever you are.
Could you do us a favor, please? We don't ask for nothing, but we do ask for this: like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and say something nice down below.
Tell us if we're doing good, if you're encouraged by our videos, or if you're being uplifted.
Diana and I, we try really hard to be that place of an oasis for you to come to pray on a regular basis, to be consistent. This is a lot of work, folks. I don't want it to become a job.
This is something that I do already, but the spiritual warfare of this and calling these things out, it is a lot of work for me.
I'm so grateful for your support by liking, subscribing, and clicking the notification bell.
We're believing for a million men and women prayer army. That's what the Lord told us to do.
So, we're being obedient. But it takes people like you to say, "Hey, we stand with you.
We pray with you,"and to come here consecutively and pray with us.
All 5,000 of you right now are praying with us. I feel like I've run a marathon after that.
When I do that, I go because I could see that principality. I can tell you what he looked like.
That sucker was huge. Hey, and by the way, is Persia Babylon? What is Persia?
Because I heard "Persia, Persia."When I was praying over that, I saw the Prince of Persia.
Is the Prince of Persia Babylon? Is Persia Babylon or Iraq? Because I heard the Prince of Persia.
I thought that was interesting because I'm green, y'all. I don't know.
But then I saw this demonic-looking angelic host, this principality.
He was not a spooky-looking critter. He didn't look like a demon that you see like dragons.
It looked like a demonic, dingy-looking, gray-looking devil. But it presented itself like Lucifer.
Regardless of what anybody wants to tell you, Satan is beautiful.
Every time I've seen him, he is evil, but he doesn't look evil.
He comes as an angel of light. He comes as something that you're going to like.
He's very beautiful and he's full of himself. I don't ever exalt him.
I'm just telling you this one looked like him. But he had armor on and his face was viciously angry.
He had a hold of the land and his hands were like when you grab into something and make an indentation into something like Play-Doh.
You can take your hand in clay or something like that; you make an indentation as you're grabbing into the land.
But his fingers had like the putty, you know, when you grab into it, you can see the putty squeezing a mold.
Thank you, love. That's what he had a hold of in both hands. He had a stronghold on it and he was gripping it with all he had.
When you were praying, it was like going through quicksand because he had a stronghold on the land.
His face looked like it was trembling because his forehead was wrinkled, his face looked like it was wrinkled, and his eyes were intent on making sure he had a hold of that land.
He had massive, dirty, broken-looking wings. The wings were not cut off; they were mangled like you're missing feathers.
And he was grabbing hold in that thing. He had a skirt on that looked like a kilt and sandals that went up to his knees that were crisscross.
They went up to his knees, just barely up under his knees. He had sandals that were see-through, like X's. That's what he had on his feet like gladiator sandals.
He was squatting down like he was trying to have a bowel movement, grabbing a hold of the land in a crouching position—like you're catching a baseball, in that stance like a catcher.
So interesting, huh? I always think those visions are interesting. I saw the money and it was a struggle year after year.
But he said this is a sign of the end times and God's coming on our side.
A supernatural breakthrough. Then I saw a major revival in Brazil breaking forth.
I'm excited. I know it's getting late, so God bless y'all. The oil was all on fire. Maduro—is that his name? Maduro.
He was setting those suckers on fire because he didn't want America to get a hold of them.
Maduro was setting those off and the Lord said, 'Don't forget what Saddam did.'Saddam set the oil wells on fire, and I saw him setting the rigs on fire.
Thick black smoke all over the air. It was actually coming over here in parts of America because the smoke was so thick.
As a last resort. An invasion as a last resort. The Lord must be talking about Trump.
But I saw them setting the rigs on fire like they did with Saddam.
There was so much smoke and pollution in the air that it was infiltrating even in America.
That was interesting, huh? I saw a lot of occultic stuff they were trying to do to take him out of the occult.
I saw something very demonic. There was a lot of witchcraft.
But his kids were there and he saw Assad. You said somebody—what was it?
NSA. NSA and Mossad. NSA, Mossad. And you saw the judges. Excel or derail.
Pray for the judges. 333, tres. Praying for the Supreme Court and major federal judges.
Praying for these judges in 2026. Oh, he showed you the pink one.
Like the pink fruity free or something like that. But 25. I saw a 25 concerning Iraq.
A highlighted 25. It was pink but it was a bigger 25. It was parchment paper.
I don't know why I was seeing that, but it was not 25K, just the number 25.
Hopefully you take notes. Put a circle of prayer around President Trump.
He needs much intercessory prayer right now concerning the occult and everything coming against him.
I saw elderly ladies, like us, as a prayer group interceding for it.
We had our Bibles, sitting in folding chairs in a circle, uplifting our president, his children, and our nation.
Much victory when you pray with us. We are a prayer group. Many hands make light work.
All glory to Jesus when you show up. We're really just plowing away.
I believe it's concerning the finances in 2026. A snake was wrapped around our nation, pulling tight. It was a python.
A massive python wrapped around the United States of America, trying to suffocate the life out of the economy. It was a python spirit.
It was in the middle where Louisiana is and went clear up to Canada, pulling it tight like a belt cinching your pants.
This snake was pulling it tight at the middle of the United States, coming up by Louisiana and all the way up to Canada.
It was wrapped around our nation concerning the finances. It was whispering in his ear, the one that was talking to Joe Biden back in the day.
I saw it come up out of the Gulf and it was wrapped around the nation.
That's whenever Jesus said, 'Who will intercede for America? Who will stand in the gap for America?
For there was a storm of the Antichrist on the shore.'I saw the Antichrist and the storm coming from the east, about to make landfall.
Jesus said, 'Who will intercede for America? Who will stand in the gap for America?'and I said, 'Here am I, Lord.
I will.'That's when this channel was birthed. That snake had its mouth come up out of the Gulf and it's still there right now.
You said resuscitate, contend. Resuscitate, contend, restitution. I saw paddles, a rebirth.
Like when he took those shock paddles and shocked the land when Trump started praying in the Holy Ghost in the Oval Office.
He shocked the land and it brought a shockwave of life because it was a heartbeat.
As it flows, it will trickle over into other nations. I really appreciate you.
You must contend for it in 2026. Resuscitate because of His mercy and it will multiply.
Hold on, for breakthrough comes in a day. Great breakthrough to come in Minnesota and the midterm election.
Must pray for the great breakthrough concerning politics.
It makes sense, doesn't it? Political theater that will really take off in 2026. Pray for the three judges.
February 3rd, Supreme Court, the number three, major decisions concerning Europe, etc.
Praying over the globe. There's more to this you need to see. Judges on the fence concerning things to excel or derail.
He said, "Come boldly to my throne and ask me this: Climb, claim, hold it.
It will come."November, through great prayer from your seat of authority, you have a lot to lose.
Don't let pride stand in the way. Distractions will come all throughout the year, my son.
He said, "Don't let pride... humble yourself, sir."And He will exalt you in due time.
He was talking about humbling yourself because of the pride and the elections.
And then Gavin, the people are fed up. He's trying to hold his ground and have a political crown.
Pray for Mike Lindell. I kept seeing Mike Lindell's face. Pray for that man. He had less hair and his hair was receding even further.
It was an attack against his finances, and then you were talking about multiple seats of victory.
There was an attack against Mike Lindell's finances; his money was trying to dry up.
Like when you see a cork that has been unplugged, the money was like a water table going down.
It was trying to drain his money, and I saw an attack against Mike Lindell, which is interesting.
He looked chubbier in his face, heavier, with fuller cheeks, which I don't understand either.
But when you see in a vision a chubby-cheeked man with less hair trying to be strong with the money, there's a lot there to pray about for you to keep track of.
Thank God for the living word and praying over Minnesota. They've made great ground in their area, and we will continue to have ground in our area.
We will stand and pray over Oklahoma. We will have great victory in Oklahoma, from Tulsa all the way down to Lawton.
Oklahoma, clear down from Miami to Lawton, but Tulsa is in the middle and Oklahoma City is in the middle, and we keep standing.
We will not give up our land either. Thank God for God-fearing people that pray every day.
We love you all. Thank you for joining us again tonight. Remember, we love you and Jesus loves you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. We will see you again.
Tomorrow's Friday. I hope y'all have a good weekend. I plan on praying more; we know we have work to do.
Where did this week go? When I get in the spirit and start praying, I go off to another planet. God bless you all. We love you. See you again soon.